AFIS Django Viewer
This document describes the procedure for setting up the AFIS Django Viewer.
Tim Sutton 2009
%! target       : html
%! style        : style.css
%! Options      : --toc --toc-level 3 --enum-title --css-sugar --css-inside
%! preproc      : TUT_URL   https://qgis.org
%! PostProc(html): '(?i)(<pre>)' '<div class="code">\1'
%! PostProc(html): '(?i)(</pre>)' '\1</div>'
% Next line will replace tabs with 2 spaces in txt generated outputs
%! PostProc(txt): '(?i)(\t)' '  '
%! encoding: iso-8859-1
% These are comments and will not be generated in any output
% -------------------

%This document is in text2tags format. You can generate html, plain text and
%moinmoin formatted documentation by running txt2tags on this document. See the
%txt2tags home page for more details.  Please insert manual line breaks in this
%document as it makes diffing for changes much easier. To do this in vim 
%automatically, select a section then issue (gq) command. Please dont
%apply vim formatting to the whole document as it screws up some formatting
%rather apply it selectively to paragraphs where needed.

% To generate the text version of this document:
% txt2tags -t txt -o INSTALL INSTALL.t2t
% To generate the moinmoin version of this document:
% txt2tags -t moin -o INSTALL.moin INSTALL.t2t
% To generate the html version of this document:
% txt2tags -t html -o INSTALL.html INSTALL.t2t
% To generate the LaTeX version of this document:
% txt2tags -t tex -o INSTALL.tex INSTALL.t2t

% End of comments
% -------------------


= For the terminally lazy =

```
mkdir afis
cd afis
svn co https://divenos.meraka.csir.co.za/svn/project-oafis/viewers/afis_django_viewer
sudo easy_install virtualenv
virtualenv --no-site-packages python
source python/bin/activate
easy_install pip
cd afis_django_viewer
pip install -r REQUIREMENTS.txt
cd afis_django_viewer
```          

```
sudo apt-get install postgresql-8.3-postgis
```

Copy the settings template:

```
cp settings.py.templ settings.py
```

Then run the createdb script:

```
./createdb.sh
```

Modify settings.py to include the correct username and pwd for the
db connection.

Some of the models require the auth_users table to exist first and 
the anonymous user to be present. To achiev this do:

comment out

```
'afisweb',
```

in INSTALLED_APPS section of settings.py then do:

```
run syncdb
```

Next use admin ui to add the anonymous user.

Now uncomment afisweb app from settings.py and rerun syncdb


Then run the viewer using the embedded test server:

```
python manage.py runserver
```

Then point your browser at:

```
http://localhost:8000
```

= Deploying a live site using wsgi =

```
cd /etc/apache/sites-available
sudo cp <path to afis>/afis_django_viewer/apache/apache.virtenv.conf.example afis.conf
```

Now modify afis.conf to your needs (making sure paths and web url are correct) then:

```
sudo a2ensite afis.conf
sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 reload
```

= Creating a new super user =

If you restored the system from a database dump or for some reason need to 
add another superuser account you can do:

```
source ../python/bin/activate
python manage.py createsuperuser
```
